9:00 am in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon man with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. [music] We are counting
down to the open markets in greater
China. Our top stories today, gold and
silver in focus after last week's
[music] record crash, spurring a wave of
buying from speculators in China. The
dollar flats after rallying on Friday by
the most since May.
>> China's factory activity unexpectedly
[music] slides into contraction as the
economy struggles to pick up momentum.
Also ahead, NASDAQ futures under
pressure after Nvidia's Johnson Huang
says proposed investment in open AI was
never a commitment.
And I'm Ael Hong live [music] at
Singapore's first space summit where
industry leaders are discussing
challenges and opportunities in the
global industry. Stay [music] tuned for
our interview with Chinese satellite
company Galaxy Space.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, a very warm
welcome to
parabolic, frenzied, [music] untradable.
Those are just some words that were not
describing our work ethic, but really
just about I mean they do
>> about this crazy rally and of course
crash that we saw on Friday when it
comes to precious metals. And I think
we're we're extending those losses once
again here in the Asia session. You got
to wonder, I mean, the trigger seem to
have been Kevin Worsh's nomination as as
the Fedren the dollar strengthening. But
then again, we've been talking about how
overstretched these markets are for some
time now. Maybe we just needed some
excuse. But where to next is sort of the
next question to watch.
>> Yeah, you kind of have to brush off the
this playbook, which doesn't happen
quite often, of course. You know, how
long does it take to actually get some
of these shorts out in the market? Some
of the flush that's come through as
well. Extremely crowded trades, right?
And I think we had a guest on two weeks
back who basically said you'd have to be
extremely insane to get into silver for
example at these levels given the vault
profile and that was two weeks ago right
that was 20 bucks before this rally that
took us to about 115 and such and
obviously crashed about 40 bucks since
that point in time
>> and if you take a look at it I mean
don't forget that a lot of this is very
speculative driven right when you talk
about what's happening from China and
what retail investors are doing and
maybe that's what's driving a lot of the
the mania that we're seeing and that you
know these These are these are supposed
to be safe haven assets
>> and they're trading like they're
momentum trades
>> right now and it's because they're
buying up all this kind of whether it's
the physical gold and the like and
really kind of driving up the local
prices at a premium here right now. Um I
think even now after that crash some
some of the exchanges are still talking
about that premium. So we're not
actually that far off um right now after
that big pledge on Friday too. It'll
yeah it'll take a few days and I think
you and I were talking about this
specific there's one just as an example
there's one ETF in China of course in
silver that had to stop getting uh
getting money in because it was trading
at such a large premium to the price
that it just didn't make sense anymore
and I think if you're just around Hong
Kong as an example right people are
lining up around the block to get their
hands on you know physical gold and what
have you so it just underscores the is
the retail money left hanging here right
after the sort of squeeze that's taking
place not to mention to separately we
did get which which is why I'm watching
commodities specifically like copper
because this manufacturing gauge coming
out of China was
>> also not encouraging it might worsen
some of the you know you know copper
powered through 14,000 right and I think
the last thing you needed was a PMI out
of China which missed virtually every
single estimate which you know we we'll
see how things play out but yes two big
market stories plus all the geopolitical
stories of course over the weekend
everything from Iran and of course open
AI and also the NAS Nasdaq future
normally fall this much for this time of
the day too.
>> That would have been our top story on
some days without this precious metal
crash, right? But then again, when when
you hear these lines coming through from
Taipei and Jensen Huang being there and
talking, you know, you know, it's more,
you know, it was more of a commit, you
know, with their open AI investment,
that certainly does leave a lot of
question marks of where this whole AI
trade goes from here on forward, too.
>> Yeah. Well, we talked about it. Um, have
a look at where we are. There we go.
Copper out of the gates falling out of
bed. We're down about 2% on the LME
contract. gold coming up on your
screens. Just to distinguish the two.
The top two things you'll see on your
screens are the spot price, bottom are
the futures. Um divergence between the
two. We are extending though as far as
the spot prices are concerned. 84 right
now. We were at one point by the way
below 80 about an hour and a half back
or so. Uh Brent is also coming up. Yeah,
we're looking at some pressure coming
through as far as the the price there is
concerned. We're down 3% this Monday on
Brent. We talked about copper. some of
the contracts in Shanghai. We're down 7%
on copper uh in Shanghai. How does
dollar look coming up on your screens
very shortly. Dollar is extending. Last
we checked some of the strength that's
come through. A lot of the bulk of
course came through on Friday. Commodity
currencies like the Aussie are
underperforming today. Um a look across
the equity market complex. While this
isn't as pronounced as an overlay in
equity markets, we don't need the
commodity spin-off to play out in
equities because you have the open AI
story and Nvidia comments playing out
across NASDAQ for example. We're up on
the NIK225 that might have something to
do with the yen. Very quickly, uh the
approach to the open today, A50 futures
are looking like this. We're watching
all things precious metals from the big
names like Zin Mining, the big copper
names like GMC Copper, some of the ETFs
in between. We had the big listing of
course last week, this gold ETF. So, all
those names will be in focus and we'll
get you those prices in about, let's
call it 15 minutes from now.
>> Yeah. Joining us now is Frank Monam,
head of macro trading and strategy at
Buffalo Bayou Commodities. Uh, Frank,
it's great to have you. Um, what a
weekend. What a few weeks it what a few,
you know, month it's been. I think it's
one of the most vulnerable months we've
seen when it comes to precious metals.
Where is your head at right now on what
to watch next?
>> Hey guys, thanks for having me. It's
it's a pleasure to be on. Um, as you
know, we we're here now because of kind
of a bacter of of of triggers really um
from macro headline volatility with with
with Wars being nominated as the
incoming Fed chair, but more so because
of how extended the market has been from
positioning standpoint, right? uh from
from a CTA systematic uh player
standpoint. So it always leaves the
market at very very vulnerable to kind
of any kind of macro driven headline.
And we started the year obviously with a
lot of geopolitical risks uh risk events
uh taking place with um you know the the
the Iran situation, the the Venezuela
situation, the Greenland situation and
really investors have been especially
the resale community has been really
really quick to jump on the bandwagon of
of gold and silver. You know, gold was a
story that was really driven by central
banks and it was only a matter of time
before we saw, you know, retail
investors jump in. And also one thing
that I think it's not being talked about
enough is how the fact that we're
sitting here in a bit of a crypto
winter, right? What that's creating is
that all of the natural flow, all the
natural habitat for for crypto flow has
been shifted a little bit into chasing
this metal trade. And when you see these
kind of flush outs, uh, they could be
really, really vicious, especially when
you start to see some gamma move kind of
exacerbated the price action.
>> Yeah. So, Frank, just on that note there
on the flush out, you know, people are
trying to figure out whether they missed
the boat on the rally and look, they
were waiting for a dip to buy and what a
dip we got. Is this a time to be dipping
our toes back into the gold and silver
markets or do I wait this out a few
days?
>> Yeah, very good point. You know, listen,
I think that the structurally and and
and even secularly, I think the story is
still the same, especially for the gold
market where we still have, you know,
fiat currency debasement issues, fiscal
dominance issues, um, you know,
geopolitical risk does continue to
linger, but you have to be cognizant of
the technicals, right? I always say when
you invest, there's really two three
parts to it. There's the fundamentals
which remain in check and very valid.
the valuation which right now seem to be
a bit um you know slightly rich um
locally here cyclally but but the
technicals were really overextended. Um,
so I think that that the thesis remained
the same, but now we got to trade around
the technicals. And we when you see this
kind of ball shocks though,
unfortunately, you got to be a little
bit patient to dip, you know, your toes
back in because these things take a
little time to kind of settle. Um,
because you you you you start to see
cascading, you know, uh, price action
take place, cross commodity. We're
seeing even crude oil, you know, being
on the back foot a bit again today. Um,
and, you know, equities taking a bit of
a of a breather here to the rally. So,
it's it's really going to be kind of a
cross asset convexity um uh price action
uh type moves that we're going to see
over the next over the next couple of
days, maybe a week, week and a half. Um
so, I think patience here is the key. Um
and it's a longterm I think it's a
long-term play here with with precious
metals, particularly gold. Um so,
dipping your toes too early could be
could could prove to be pretty
pernicious. I mean, we're still right in
in this volatility vortex here for for
for gold. Um, even though, you know,
we're seeing ball kind of, you know,
ease a little bit here, we're still, you
know, very much in this vortex and one
needs to be a little patient to to allow
things to settle down a little bit.
>> Okay, Frank, while we're in this vortex,
what what are sort of the indicators
that you're what are the most important
indicators to watch, right? Everything
from, you know, investor interest, ETFs,
inventory. I mean, what what do you
think is going to be the most telling
signal to you now moving forward?
>> I think ve very um that's actually a
very good question. And I think very
specifically we've we've looked at this
you know trade in gold and and all the
different cohorts of the market that
have participated to this we know
central banks have been leading the
charge and we always thought that you
know the ETF and retail play would be
next to come uh but the speed and
velocity with which this cohort you know
steps into the market is very very
important and very critical. So I think
this is this is kind [clears throat] of
come in a very rushed way where we're
seeing volatility spike to the upside.
So I think what I'll be watching is
really the uh the the extent to which
we're seeing just a slight bit of
deleveraging from ETF um and maybe flows
kind of calming down and returning to to
[clears throat] volumes that are a
little bit more reasonable. I mean if
you look at you know silver for instance
I mean the the daily notional on silver
last week uh on a weekly basis was $150
billion [clears throat]
notional that's just these numbers are
just out of this world right so when
you're trading in that kind of
environment um it's it's just not
healthy. It could be bullish but not
healthy. So what I'm see what I'm
looking for is signs of market health
from liquidity standpoint and and just
you know seeing the froth kind of come
out the market a little bit uh before
looking to re-engage.
>> Frankly we're looking at you know
possible risks that could turn the trade
and we got it in the form of suddenly a
stronger dollar which arguably kicked
things off. Um does the does the does
the underlying thesis of gold and silver
and central banks does that hold if the
dollar strengthens?
>> I think it continues to hold. I think
the pace at which it the rally would
extend would probably slow down a little
bit but you have to remember central
central banks have made a commitment to
do this and they they tend to be pretty
price agnostic, right? So unless the
fundamental drivers that have pushed you
know sovereign players and central banks
to to adopt the thesis on gold were to
change I don't think the trajectory
would change. I think the momentum and
the speed of the rally could could stall
a bit but the direction of travel is is
not changing unless the underlying
fundamentals were to were to be altered
in in some fashion.
Um Frank, what do I need to look at in
terms of the speculative trading that
we're seeing in China for example when
it comes to gold and silver? Um should I
expect that sort of demand to to revive
itself? I mean we are heading into the
lunar new year that's where you know you
are seeing traditional demand for these
sort of you know gold and silver but do
you think after the shock selloff will
they come back in?
>> I think so. I think so. I think it'll be
probably a return with a little bit more
um pace and it'll be maybe less hot sort
of hyper speculative money cuz it's
speculative and hypers speculative right
I mean we start to see you know daily
volume pick up in the form of day
trading and highly speculative investors
but I think retail uh continues to view
gold as having a rightful place in
investors portfolios like I said you
know unless this the dynamics that are
uh have have have you know provided
tailwinds to old from a secular
standpoint were to change, I think that
the story would continue to be to be the
same. But we need this stuff to settle.
However, I think that there could be a
few tail risks that could potentially
derail or pause, you know, um you know,
retail retail flow in in gold. It it's
one is I think we need to continue to
observe how the crypto market continues
to trade. Are we really going to find
ourselves in a an extended you know
winter uh for crypto? I think that that
has a lot of you know kind of cross
asset flow implication into commodities
particularly gold and and secondly um
you know I've mentioned this before on
the air I think a couple weeks ago I I
still I still think there's there's a
decent risk of of u of a reset in in
rates volatility here. Um I think we're
we're seeing a bit of a calm here before
the storm potentially. I think, you
know, Governor Walsh being now um the
nominee, uh some people see him as being
more hawkish, but also I think one of
the things that the market hasn't fully
discounted is the fact that, you know,
he's he's probably looking to get back
to more of the u you know, the the
Bernani type um Fed communication style,
which is not so much guided by forward
guidance, uh no pun intended, but um but
really kind of a, you know, go, you
know, go policy as you go type style. I
think markets haven't really seen that
in a while and that could be, you know,
another volatility call catalyst here
just not just for the rates market for
broader micro markets in general and
that could have an impact potentially on
on on the gold market um particularly as
as it pertains to retail investors.
>> Frank, fantastic. Thank you so much for
joining us on your Sunday what weekend,
right? Frank Mon there, head of macro
trading and strategy at Buffalo Vio
Commodities. In fact, just ahead here,
we'll get into the Fed angle to the
story here as commodity markets are
continuing to be tossed out the window
this Monday morning. Billy will be
joining us in a couple of minutes to
talk us through the dollar rates and
monetary [music] policy. Counting down
to the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen. And here in Hong Kong, futures
are pointing lower. Commodities again
falling out of bed this Monday morning.
The opening bell 15 minutes away. This
is the China show.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. Precious metals
not as precious as this time last week.
That's certainly the case. Gold spot
down four. Silver's down to about 82.
Was down below 80 at one point. The rest
of the commodity space not doing well
quite poorly too if you think about it.
Copper's down about 7% in Shanghai. The
dollar is stronger and we're just
getting the fix of the day coming
through out of the QBOC. Stronger than
the estimates for the first time since
November. So perhaps
giving markets leaning into the
weakness. That's still a question mark.
And but the dollar is still continuing
to strengthen. It's certainly a a good
talking point today.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Billy, chief
economist and managing director at
Global Economic Advisors. Bill, it's
always great to have you. It seems like
what we're seeing this this plunge in in
metals is is a lot to do with the dollar
strength that that has come through and
that trigger point was really Kevin
Walsh being the nominee uh named as the
next Fed chair. Your thoughts on over
all this and and do you think some of
these moves in the dollar are
sustainable at this at this point?
>> I think these these price reactions are
really a positive reaction to the fact
that I think Trump picked the right guy.
uh that that is going to come in and do
some pretty incredible changes I think
to not only the way monetary policy has
been conducted but also the way the Fed
has been operating for the last 10 even
20 years. Uh the mission creep that
people have worried about that that the
Fed is no longer just concerned with
monetary policy and supervisory but but
they've gone into climate change DEI and
a whole bunch of other issues. It's
bloated the Fed budget by about four
times, right? Four times in the last 20
years, which is much faster increase
than government expenditures or
inflation. And and and Governor Walsh uh
has always been complaining that a
central bank that's operating properly
should never be in the headlines. They
should be in the background and they
should be keeping inflation contained uh
and they should be keeping the financial
system safe. And I think that reaction
is coming through the financial markets
and saying, "Hey, the Fed's going to be
refocusing itself again. Maybe it's
going to be the Fed that we knew back
then when it would things were really
going well.
>> So, Bill, a better run Fed means what in
terms of rate direction?
>> Yeah. I I think what um there's
something which I call the the the wash
maneuver uh and and that is that he can
lower rates uh pretty significantly um
and and and and not be inflationary
because his main concern is that the
large inflationary pressure is built up
from the huge balance sheet that the the
Fed has flooded the financial system
with so much liquidity post uh you know
post financial crisis of 2008 that and
QE2 that that the Fed never withdrew
that emergency mergency liquidity and
that liquidity has been feeding uh the
embers of of inflation for for for all
this time and I think he is determined
to control that balance sheet and shrink
it down so that it's a more manageable
size that is less inflationary which
means that he can actually allow rates
to drop so people can get lower lower
price loans mortgages can be lower
business loans can be lower price more
affordable and at the same time be
non-inflationary because he's draining
liquidity
>> can you tell a little more about his
style I think we just had our previous
guest said, you know, traders in the
market might not be used to,
>> you know, he he sort of is a reminiscent
of Bernani, right? He's he's much more
maybe reactive, not so much in terms of
giving a for maybe can tell us more
about his his sort of approach to
communication.
>> Yeah, I I think the the the key
indicator of where his style is going to
be was what happened after the financial
crisis. Uh Bernaki came out and said,
"Look, we need to continue to grow the
balance sheet, give support to the
economy." uh and and and and War said,
"Look, um if I were in your seat, I
wouldn't be doing that, but I'm not
going to be uh uh dissenting uh in on on
the FOMC, but instead I quit uh because
I don't believe in what you're doing."
So, I think that is an indication that
that that that Walsh really is a man of
principle. Uh he really believes that
the balance sheet is the root of all
inflationary evils. Uh and and by having
emergency liquidity, which is when we
needed it in 2008, that was a good
thing. But after the emergency, you're
supposed to bring it back to a more
normal level. Uh he likes to tell
everybody when he first got on the board
of governors, the the the size of the
balance sheet was under a trillion
dollars. Closer to maybe 800 billion.
It's now 10 times that size. You know, I
mean, it's really huge. Uh and and no
effort has been made to to hold it back.
So, I think that's the that's the
message I think he's been trying to
deliver to financial markets uh when he
was in the private sector. And and I
think that's the the message that he's
going to try to convince the FOMC that
they really have to start correcting
their previous sins.
>> The difference between him his role
during the GFC and the one assuming he's
confirmed of course as he he said he
comes in as the chair. It would be more
difficult Bill to quit as the chair than
it was perhaps if you don't agree with
wi-i with the chair. But I wonder also
as the chair, right, he has the job now.
He needs to deal with the divisions
within the Fed currently. And how does
that how does his previous experience
inform you about how he's able to do
that job?
>> Because he comes in with that reputation
of as a man of principle. I think it it
allows him to escape that notion that,
oh, he's under the thumb of Donald
Trump, uh, that he's going to be doing
Trump's bidding. um because after all,
you know, he he really did uh he
sacrificed his career at the Fed at one
time um to to to stay with his
principles and and he is a principal man
in sense of wanting to restore price
stability. Um now I think the the
composition of the FOMC right now is one
where they themselves are pretty gunshy.
I think this last uh meeting um if
anybody had actually voted uh to
actually to to to drop rates um that
would give them I give Marcus the
impression that they have become under
the influence of Donald Trump uh because
I don't think anyone else uh on the
committee has that principal reputation
that that
Walsh comes in with. So so I think the
he's got he's got a a huge task ahead of
him. He's got to make the intellectual
case to the committee because that's how
the committee works. Um, you know, from
the time even when I was at the Fed and
you had a strong man like Bulker in
charge, he still had to convince the
committee to do what he thought was
right at that time was race like crazy
and do something completely
unprecedented. Walsh is facing that same
issue. And if he pulls it off, I think
he'll be the most consequential chair
since Vulkar.
>> Bill, thank you. Bill E there, chief
economist and managing director at
Global Economic Advisors on Kevin Worsh.
And we're talking a bit more about uh
what has this sparked, right? this sort
of precious rally crash or you could say
it's extending for another day. Uh we
are seeing when it comes to the hegen
pre-market opening up, we're down 1%.
It's the gold miners that probably is
driving things lower here. Zing mining
for example, I think is down some 10% as
well. There you go. Uh massive declines
of some of these miners here [snorts]
this morning as it seemed like things
were looking better in terms of the
precious metal space and then the China
futures markets opened and things had
started south again. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Some stocks to watch is no surprise
here. Continues to be what we're seeing
across the miners here this morning.
Zing mining, as we talked about, we're
down some 10% [music] and the silver
miners are not doing quite well as well.
We're down 4% for China Silver [music]
Group. So, we we'll continue to watch.
Seems like right now investors are not
really willing to dip uh by the dip
right now. Copper stocks also, as we
talk about here, just opening up lower
when it comes to copper. That might be
kind of due [music] to the PMI data that
was weaker than expected and back into
contraction uh for January out of China.
Toppers [music] down close to 3% here.
You're seeing Jangi copper down some 7%.
>> Yeah. Um certainly did not help that we
got that sub50 number on the PMI
numbers. What you don't see on your
[music] screens too, we talked about uh
most of the commodities is energy is
actually down also quite substantially
this [music] morning. Oil prices are off
over 3%. So we'll see what it looks like
as far as the open is concerned. That's
coming up next. This is Mumbo.
[music]
Good morning. [music] Okay, so it's a
tough and rough day uh to be long
commodities today. Um I've used I
previously used this visual of you know
how you feel when you pluck your nose
hair.
>> Oh gosh.
>> So imagine that but combining that with
slamming your pinky [music] toe on the
side of the bed. That's what this
commodity Yeah. Combining those two
things is a visual iteration.
>> I was just thinking commodity market one
long hangover, you know, like once you
reach the age that we are, Dave, you
know, it takes more than a day to
recover.
>> I even just smell a beer and I I get a
headache for 48 hours.
>> The average 2 to three day hangover.
We're feeling that across these [music]
markets, right? when it comes to
precious metals and what we saw on
Friday. Uh one of the probably the more
wildest days we've seen when [music] it
comes to gold and silver prices and how
much we actually the scale and you know
the speed of those drops it looks like
we're extending that uh into the second
day in the Asia session on this Monday
morning and as soon as some of those
futures markets in China opened up I
think we further saw more selling. So uh
certainly it's it's one that may may
take a few days and weeks according to
our guest for things to really sell
right now. The speculative buying that
we're seeing or at least selling that
we're seeing from Chinese retail
investors is going to be one indicator
to watch as we approach of course that
lunar new year a traditional time to
actually buy gold right so what are we
going to see that interest still be
quite strong and where the demand
picture looks like here but you're
seeing when it comes to commodity
markets as Dave mentioned we are falling
out of bed on this Monday morning Monday
blue is for sure copper's down some 7
and a.5% Shanghai crude is also down 5%
iron or is down 1% as well uh and we're
seeing of course that we talked about
The gold miners are all selling off this
morning if not all if not most. Uh
Shanghai is down about 810 to 1%. So the
equity space certainly being royal. I
mean you take a look at the the tech
space. There's the Nvidia comments from
Jensen Huang in Taiwan and and really
kind of people questioning the the
amount of commitment into open AI and
the like. So once again it's it's adding
a lot of question marks to the whole AI
sort of story thing. Uh as well uh we
also got some prelim numbers from Cabcon
for example here. Well, you're talking
about triple digits in terms of growth.
uh and that was also when it comes to uh
the guidance there but still the shares
are down some 1% but the boards to see
how Hong Kong is doing looks like we're
seeing a more pronounced selling when it
comes to the hang we're approaching that
27,000 level for the benchmark as well
as tech is selling off most of the big
names are seeing uh declines of more
than 1% and 10-centent buan Xiaomi as
well uh we did get some BYD numbers also
which were not pretty weak as well when
it comes to car sales
>> oh god
>> dollar China at least is holding strong
uh despite some of the the dollar
strength that we've seen. I mean, that
was kind of what sparked this whole
selling uh in precious metals was this
Kevin Wars nomination, dollar bid up. Uh
and then of course crash and precious
metals, but we're still holding around
695 levels for for Reb here this
morning. So, still one to watch. Even
property today not doing so well. Yeah,
that's despite of course we had a banner
week last week if you think about it
right on that report on the three red
lines and and I think when you look at I
think the fix that Ivonne mentioned too
as far as the remn goes it was the first
time since November that the PBOC set
the midpoint stronger uh stronger than
estimates uh apart from this I mean gold
and silver stocks coming up on your
screens uh I'm looking almost everywhere
across the resource material space and
I'm struggling to find a a bright spot
here so CSI 300 materials index down
about five some of the big nets and it's
worth pointing out right some of these
names if not all of them have done
tremendously well uh going into this
weekend where everything suddenly just
got squeezed to the downside. Uh so
we're down to about five on these. Um
some of the ETFs for example that we've
been tracking uh we were joined last
week of course by the CEO of Hen
Investment Management when they of
course launched that ETF that's coming
up on your screens and how yikes. Okay.
Uh BYD Neo great wall coming up on your
screens also on the back of those
numbers coming through. Let's have a
look at that. There we go. Okay. Okay.
Not as bad but okay. I'm trying to be
generous here but [laughter] the price
action is not uh doing me any favors.
What is though, I'm looking at my
stocks. What is managing to buck the
weakness overall? 101HK is was open up
did open up 2 3% to the upside. Slightly
weaker now. Uh we're looking at the
property sector. We talked about this
right after uh the the developer gauge
rallied around 15% just in the last
month. They've been led broader by the
uh they've led the broader hanging index
as well as this gauge of mainland real
estate names
>> and part of that rally is Hangland Group
as you talk about right 101 HK reported
a 3.4% increase in underlying profit for
2025. Here to join us to tell us more is
Adriel Chan chair of Hang Loan
Properties. Adriel, it's always great to
have you. um this we're seeing a bit
more price discovery at least in the
Hong Kong property market and and we're
starting to see the market kind of sense
that in some ways that there might be
some recovery underway. Do you think
that we've we found a bit of a bottom?
>> It feels like we found a bit of a
bottom. Uh definitely if you look at our
retail sales numbers, uh they've been
coming back. Second half last year was
strong. Uh fourth quarter was especially
strong. Uh we broke records in terms of
occupancy, foot traffic, and uh retail
sales. So it does feel like it's coming
back. Um, Hong Kong a little bit weaker.
Uh, we're still finding the bottom
there. Uh, I think we've found it. Uh,
but the we we'll have to see how the
retail numbers come out uh these next
couple of months. Uh, so overall, uh,
mainland China definitely giving us
cause for some hope. Uh, that being
said, I think the numbers are strong,
but we're still a little bit careful uh,
on the outward outlook.
>> What assumptions you making on mainland
retail leasing specifically along the
luxury space? Of course, you mentioned
that's a bright spot for you guys. So
for January so far has been uh a little
bit uh down basically flat from last
January. Okay. The bright spot is that
January last year was Chinese New Year.
Uh this year Chinese New Year is in
February. So uh we're hoping that that
means uh good retail sales uplift. Uh
and we think that it's tracking.
>> It looks like you're you've been quite
active in expanding your your China
retailing portfolio, right? Cities like
Shanghai, Ho, Wooi. M
>> how do you compete with some of these
domestic big names and big developers
and landlords like China resources land
for example in this market?
>> So the way I describe ourselves is we're
a small and beautiful um and you know so
we have to do things in a slightly
different way. Uh definitely we don't
have the scale um everything from
finance cost um and access to capital is
different uh so we have to really try to
stand out in terms of doing things uh as
high quality as niche uh and as um as
high-end as possible and that's what we
continue to do. Um what we've announced
recently is our V3 which is uh starting
an on asset light uh path and this is
definitely going to make better use of
our capital especially when that's
constrained. Uh we're working on
reducing our gearing. Uh and the
question is how do you expand while
reducing your gearing and that's uh
basically with asset light. So that's
what we've been doing and only in the
cities where we have the strongest
presence and the the best performance
already. Uh so that's where we're
working to expand.
>> How does that so what does it mean as
far as the business model is concerned?
You met me an asset light. So try to
explain that to a to a 5-year-old for
example.
>> Yeah. So if if I go back um our our last
version, version two was really asset
heavy where we'd buy a plot of land, we
develop it, and then we lease it. Um so
this is really where we're leasing the
plot of land or leasing an existing mall
uh and operating it. So uh if you look
at China retail uh real estate prices,
you know, they feel like they've uh
topped out. Um it's it's hard to see a
lot of upside in the near to medium
term. Uh and therefore it's you know so
we used to want to capture that capital
upside uh and now we're more about
caping capturing the operational upside
uh so so increasing our operational
exposure uh without uh having too much
capital exposure.
>> You mentioned Hong Kong's recovery might
be a bit not I mean maybe not as solid
right now as as the mainland and what
you're seeing. Um at what point are you
going to start looking at maybe
opportunities then? I mean are you
looking to sell more properties or even
acquire any new projects in Hong Kong
this year? So, in Hong Kong, we've
really been uh working hard to sell. Uh
last year, we actually sold a lot. We
contracted a lot of sales, but we're not
going to recognize a lot of it until
this year. Uh so, last year was actually
a good year for sales. Um but, uh
that'll be recognized this year. Uh
we're looking to sell down uh more. We
still have some properties for sale,
mostly on the high end, but we have some
uh remaining in aperture. Uh so, that's
that's what we're looking to do.
Obviously, if good opportunities come
by, I think we're happy to buy as well.
Uh we we do feel like the markets have
uh bottomed or at least uh we found the
bottom on this round.
>> What do you think is driving this
recovery?
>> So in Hong Kong in Hong Kong? Yeah.
>> Yeah. In Hong Kong, there's a lot of
mainland uh uh new Hong Kong uh people
coming in. The talent scheme has
definitely brought in and brought up uh
rental levels. And as these people have
rented now for a couple of years, they
may be looking to buy. Uh these tend to
be slightly higherend buyers. So I I'm
more bullish on the top end of the
market than I am on the mass. Um, I
think the mass has seen sort of a
structural rerating over the past couple
of years. It'll be some time before that
comes back, whereas I think the high-end
is definitely more cyclical and
therefore more resilient for us.
>> I mean, it's really been noticeable
uh the the pickup in
>> tourist, visitor flow, let's just call
it, uh, tourists and businesses. And
we've had a lot of mega events. We're
moving into March where traditionally
it's a mega event month, right? You have
everything from Art Basel all the way to
the sevens. Tangibly, is that starting
to show up as far as you talked about
foot traffic, but what about leases and
retail sales, for example? Is that
starting to pick up, too?
>> We're we're really happy that foot
traffic has picked up. Um, we're not as
happy uh at the retail sales. They
haven't picked up the same at the same
pace that uh traffic has.
>> It's it's usually lagging uh a lagging
indicator, but um we're going to have to
work harder to transmit those uh foot
traffic into sales. Uh, and you know,
right now the the appeal of Shenzhen is
still strong. Hong Kong people, even
though it sounds like they're going up a
little bit less, um, it's still
difficult to compete on price.
>> Um,
>> you're you still were still able to
maintain your occupancy rate during
these turbulent times, right? 90%
>> offices. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Of your office portfolio despite
the headwinds, but revenue was still
kind of edging lower. I mean, because of
falling rents, of course. Do you think
that that's the next place to follow in
terms of this recovery? I mean, now that
we've seen, at least when it comes to
the housing market is is recovering,
that maybe rental is going to be the
next thing to watch.
>> I would really like for office rents to
rise this year. That's what's I like
[laughter] how you started that answer
already.
>> That was really what dragged our um
numbers last year because offices have
been tough both in Hong Kong and in the
mainland. Um it actually took away some
of the gains that we made in uh retail.
So, retail's done well, offices not so
much. I don't see the end in sight for
offices just yet. Um, of course, here in
Hong Kong, we're talking about the IPOs,
um, and the financial services
industries helping with that occupancy,
but there's still a lot of occupancy,
especially here in central. And so, I
think occupancy has to come up before
prices are going to come up, and I don't
yet see uh, the end to that.
>> And the strategy to maintain the sort of
90% occupancy rate is that, do you think
that's going to be down to price?
Supply seems to be an issue, I think, is
what you're mentioning, too.
>> Yeah. So, I think there's still going to
be a little bit of price pressure um
because occupancies haven't fully uh
caught up yet. In the mainland of China,
it's also tough. Um uh offices, I think
it's, you know, I've had this discussion
with a lot of my friends and peers. Is
it cyclical or is it structural? And
when you're having that discussion, it's
not a good discussion to have that means
that things are bad. Um and so I don't
yet see the end uh for office rentals in
China yet.
>> What is the answer to that though? Is it
cyclical or more structural?
>> My my answer is actually that it's more
cyclical. Um and I think that if the e
economy comes back when it comes back uh
office rents will come back um you know
there's still that dynamism uh and if
they can reignite that uh then I think
that offices can uh come back at least
at the high end of the market.
>> You know that you mentioned just now you
know the IPO markets come back that's
actually come up quite quite a bit on
our show as people talk about how a lot
of these firms listing here will need
office space brokerages are expanding
their their headcount and hence
hopefully office space. How has that
translated not so much on demand itself
but just conversations that you had uh
with your peers?
>> It's definitely helpful. Um but for the
time being I think I'm having more
conversations uh than signing so many
deals. Exactly. [laughter]
>> I mean it's a good start I guess. At
least we're talking about it.
>> Yeah. It's good to have you here. Thank
you so much for for all your your your
insight and like the the skater shop.
>> Can you tell us more about that?
>> 852. We have a skate shop here in Hong
Kong. Yeah. That's a lot of fun. Retail
is kind of coming back a little bit.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. 852.
>> 852.
>> Check it out
>> for all you homies out there. Um I love
it. Um if you haven't seen Adriel's, you
know,
>> Instagram, it's it's it's all
skateboard.
>> Yes. He doesn't look like that most of
the [laughter] time,
>> but we love it in a good way.
>> Adriel, thank you. Adriel Chan, chair of
Hamilton Properties there. Uh break it
all down on what the outlook looks like.
Coming up, we're talking about Nvidia
CEO Jensen Hong saying it's investment
OpenAI's next funding round, maybe the
biggest [music] yet. and more in his
comments from Taiwan next. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, we've been tracking of course
as we all do always when uh Jensen Huang
is in this part of the world uh we track
everything right from where he eats what
he says uh all the like and the CEO uh
did talk about some comments and details
about the firm's commitment to open AI
which did in some ways is now kind of
moving the markets right this comes
after the Wall Street Journal report
that Nvidia's plan to invest up to
hundred billion dollars had stalled now
speaking in Taiwan Hang told reporters
the company would definitely particip
participate in OpenAI's latest funding
round.
>> Sam is closing the round and we will
absolutely be in involvement.
>> How much? Can you say how much? Can you
say how much?
>> Uh we will invest a great deal of money.
Probably the largest investment we've
ever made.
>> The large. So is that going to be over
100 billion?
>> No, no, no, no, no, no. Like that.
>> All right. the some of the comments
maybe the lack of details some of the
reporting suggesting that I think when
you look at US futures right now perhaps
underscoring why that cohort is
underperforming but it's also not a good
day to be in long these markets anyway
uh for more on the uh the Nvidia story
joining us here is Bel of course our
Asia tech correspondent what else did
did Jensen Huang say there
>> yeah I guess he was sort of giving a at
least you could say a very big
clarification essentially so what is
talking about here is this uh a letter
of intent that was signed back in
September of last year. And in that it
was Open AI and also Nvidia that
essentially committed to this big
buildout of of of data centers. So
Nvidia was looking or OpenAI rather was
looking at adding 10 GW of AI data
centers and they were saying they're
going to be using Nvidia systems for
that. Now, in that letter of intent, it
also said that Nvidia would invest up to
$und00 billion. And that's the part that
Jensen Hang is
>> really being a question about quite
quite forcefully, especially after that
Wall Street Journal report. But but how
serious is that commitment? What's the
size of the commitment? He's saying that
it could be up to hundred billion. It's
definitely not going to be hundred
billion in the first round. And there's
definitely concerns that maybe they're
actually cooling uh maybe a bit more
than than even he's expressing in that
sound by there.
>> Tell them more some of those reports.
What are the concerns about this the
level of commitment to open AI now?
>> So it was a Wall Street Journal as you
said and they put out a report on Friday
and uh essentially in that they said
there's concerns about the competition
that that open AAI is facing and we know
that of course from the likes of of
Gemini for instance from from Alphabet.
Uh there's also concerns around the way
or the that we're hearing or what what
the Wall Street Journal is saying
according to their sources that Jensen
Huang is expressing in private is the
way that open AI is being run and some
concerns maybe around their fiscal
discipline at the business. They're two
of the different concerns. But what
we're also hearing from the Wall Street
Journal is that what they're reporting
is that the talks uh following that
letter of intent that was signed in
September of last year have stalled. And
that is sort of also one of the key
questions from that.
What about this the relationship between
them and Deepseek? He was asked to
comment on that too.
>> Yes. So this was also probably wasn't
his I mean he's always very amenable
with reporters but he certainly did get
a lot of questions on the reports. So
this is another one that came out on
Friday and it was essentially the top
Republican on the House China Committee
who wrote a letter to to Howard Lutnik
essentially expressing concern that that
Nvidia had helped Deep Seek on its R1
model. R1 model of course is the model
that was released around this time last
year and really caused a big big fly. We
haven't seen R2 just yet, but but he
said Mullinar said that that that Nvidia
had aided in that effort. But just take
a listen to to what he had to say about
that.
>> Our software is used by developers
everywhere and and um uh on that basis
then of course of course uh uh every
developer uses Nvidia software. They use
NVIDIA software from CUDA to KUGNN to
you know tensor RTLM and so whenever
whenever developers want to use our
software we openly support everyone
that's our job supporting developers
every developer and we support
developers all over the world we have
5 6 million developers around the world
every AI developer in the world works
with Nvidia and so I'm very proud of
Yes. So, if anything, he's not pushing
back on that that comment. He's more
just saying, "Yeah, that is something
that we do. We work with developers, as
he says, all around the world." So, that
was just some of the the commentary and
Jensen Wang, of course, in Taipei over
the weekend after that trip to China
last week.
>> I mean, it's it's never a it's it's
never easy to when people force you to
define a relationship, but anyway, uh
Belle, thank you very much. [laughter]
Isn't it right
>> now? You sound like a commitment folk to
be honest.
>> I [laughter] mean, at the same time, you
mentioned letter of intent, right? Like
how that's almost like a situationship
if you think about it. Or memorandum of
understanding, right? If you think about
it, like how how legally committed are
you really?
>> That was the thing. He said that it's
non-binding. That's what we're hearing
[laughter] that he was emphasizing
behind.
>> That's the point I was making. There we
go. Many terms of ways to describe
relationships these days, right?
[laughter]
>> Just don't don't there's no need to
define it. It's just getting very
complicated moving.
>> Okay, Bill, thank you so much. All
right, we opened up a can of worms
there.
>> We did
>> u on on the tech story. All right, uh
rating dog PMI's out. The backdrop here
is the official numbers services and
well non-manufacturing manufacturing
missing estimates. This one actually
coming in above above the estimates
here. In fact, at the very top end of
estimates, 50.3 as far as the rating dog
PMI is concerned. we are getting some
strength coming through in the Chinese
currency on the back of stronger fix and
then perhaps on the back of u some
stronger numbers coming through just
now.
>> Yeah, at least when it comes to private
gauge things are looking a little bit
better. Uh we'll break down what what
looks like under the hood. Be basically
came out with their note on the the
official PMI numbers that came out
saying look if you look beyond just the
headline it's actually worse.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> So we'll get Chang and her team on
eventually one day to talk about that.
Uh when it comes to commodities, it's
still kind of the front and sort of uh
thing in front of investors minds here
this morning. It is still seeing quite a
sell-off here when it comes to Brent,
copper, aluminum, precious metals,
everything, right? So certainly that's
going to be one to watch here. It's not
just a precious metal story. Uh you are
seeing the entire commodity complex in
some ways uh feeling worse, but actually
gold and silver at least, right? You're
seeing [music] it and the futures have
actually stabilized a bit and seeing a
bit of recovery there.
Yeah, it's wow. We're up 7% now in
futures.
>> Okay. 10day V is highest in at least 45
years there on silver. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Here are some stories [music] we're
following for you today. Today,
Bloomberg has learned that Alphabex's
autonomous driving unit is aiming to
raise about $16 billion in a refinancing
round, financing round, I should say.
[music] That would value at nearly $110
billion. Sources say Alphabet will
provide [music] about $13 billion, while
the rest would come from outside
investors, including Sequoia Capital,
DST Global, and Dragon [music]
Investment Group. BYD has reported a 30%
drop in sales [music] in January,
delivering just over 210,000 vehicles.
The figures underscored the challenges
facing the EV makers [music] efforts to
boost sales just as a winding back of
subsidies hurts demand in China. Now,
analysts still expect BYD's total sales
to rebound [music] to more than 5
million units this year, up from 4.6
million last year.
>> Yeah, as you can see, we're down 5% on
BYD. How is the rest of the [music]
sector and industry group doing? So, uh
not not much better. In fact, some in
fact so some so much worse when NEO uh
NEO shares are down about 6%. So it's
not just BYD right broad [music] group
did come out with January numbers that
have come out. There we go. NEO for
example deliveries versus the previous
print which [music] was closer to
50,000. We're closer to 25 specifically
on NEO Macau casinos speaking of
something that beat estimates were up
there as far as casinos [music] are
concerned. So enough to buck this down
trend we're seeing across risk assets
today. of gaming revenue coming in
higher than estimates. Apart from that,
it's very difficult to find a bright
spot across these markets. Um, and I
think this topsyturvy session we're
seeing in precious metals [music] prices
underscores this. We are extending the
weakness from Friday, of course, as
pertains to some of these spot grids
here.
>> Yeah. Well, a lot more on the way in the
next hour. You're watching [music] the
China Show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And yeah, I mean, we're sort of
just seeing a bit of pessimism. This
wave that extends beyond just the
commodity space here right now after
what we saw was that massive crash in
precious metals on Friday. We are
continuing on here today after the
biggest plunge in silver prices on
record on Friday. Biggest drop for gold
in a decade. Uh there is some silver
linings to this. Well, the pun silver
linings is that silver futures at last
check is actually rebounding here right
now. Yeah. What is the playbook then?
Haha. Um, but right now we are seeing at
least gold futures as well all now at
least in positive territory. So is it a
sign that maybe you know there is a bit
of dip buying. Is there signs of of
things get looking a little bit better?
Um certainly that may take a few days or
weeks according to our guests for things
to really settle right now. U but right
now there's a lot of questions about you
know the retail investors and have they
been sort of scarred after what happened
on Friday especially some of the
speculative traders that we've been
seeing in China too and the activity
there. Yeah, that that really got in and
I think it anecdotally, right? So a good
example that I would imagine has uh is
is the experience of many retail
investors, right? So for example, if you
want to subscribe to a precious metals
fund at your bank, for example, right?
You put the application in and then you
wait a few days until you get the
allocation, right? So imagine people who
put in um an allocation to a precious
metals fund on Friday. Yeah.
>> And then the weekend happened. They're
probably scrambling to tell the bank to
cancel that going into at what price
right too. Um I think that just to say
that flush will it takes a while and the
advice from our guests earlier on said
you know let's wait until this settles
until there's clear indication of really
uh where to settles and then we can make
a decision based on fundamentals which
haven't changed. But it's so
interesting, right? Because this is such
a market that is so liquid, but yet
you're seeing price declines in the
scale and speed that we saw, right?
Double digit sort of losses, which we
really haven't seen uh when it comes to,
you know, history, right? And so
certainly there it's going to lead to a
lot of questions. I think longer term,
>> is this really going to be a safe haven
instrument
>> given that it's been trading much more
like momentum
>> than than really safety at this point?
It it needs to stop behaving like this,
I think, to to go to to become a a haven
asset, right? I think the
>> is the market broken?
>> Fantastic story from our colleagues,
right? And I like the way they started
that for the for the better part of the
silver's history, it was trading below
$40. Yes,
>> it dropped by $40 on one day on Friday
just to underscore the point.
>> And our guest Frank earlier was saying,
you know, there's a lot to do with
crypto in all this as well, right?
because crypto was largely seen as the
alternative to gold, but it has not in
any way performed like gold in the last
couple weeks or so. In fact, it's
actually been divorced from what we're
seeing in this whole precious metal
rally. So, the cross as it flows has a
lot to do what we're seeing with
Bitcoin, too, and why maybe a lot of
people are are so quick to pile into
gold leading up to before this crash.
>> Yeah. Okay. Well, things are moving all
over the place. 1.3% on silver prices,
right? For the most part, we were able
to ignore the Fed until they force us
not to ignore the Fed and the stronger
dollar which really caused why we're
trading at these levels. Separately
though, there are lots of other stories
taking place. You had Iran, you have
India, and you have Indonesia. Let's
have a look at India. Of course, the
budget was out over the weekend. Futures
are coming up on your screens very, very
shortly. Lots to unpack there. Flat on
that. Jakarta is coming online. No more
of the latest bank to downgrade the
market following peers like HSBC, like
Goldman Sachs, Indonesia. the
resignation of course of the uh of the
exchange CEO 1.6% 6% little bit of
normal moves following what had was far
from normal when you look at the last
two or three trading sessions there. Um
but yeah um the metal space continues to
dominate of course yet it's one of the
most a lot of the metal stores are top
red across the Bloomberg terminal today.
>> Yeah and there certainly is that China
angle to all of this as well that makes
it particularly more interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh let's bring it back to that
discussion really and what what to next.
Let's bring in our metals and mining
reporter Martin Richie in Shanghai.
Martin, I I'm guessing you didn't have
much of a weekend uh as most traders
have had um just given this this
historic sort of moves that we're seeing
across precious metals. Let's let's talk
about the China angle, of course. Do you
know a lot of it was speculative driven?
>> What are what are the retail side and
what are you hearing right now on what
comes next? Is there still going to be
that demand for gold after the shock
selloff?
Um yeah, I think when you've had the
such intense volatility as you've had
over the past few days with prices
really moving out of any kind of
expected range, you're now in this kind
of strange uh scenario. People are just
wondering where the where the bottom is.
Just two days ago wondering how high
things can go, now how low things can
go. Um things are reasonably uh
relatively stable uh this morning. you
know, we're not see we've seen silver go
down 12%. Obviously, a week or two ago,
that would have been a big move. Now,
not so much. Um, we are waiting to see
across the complex, I think that
includes base metals and precious metals
where Chinese investors who who've been
driving the kind of sentiment recently,
uh, will start to will start to buy the
dip. That's what everyone's wondering.
um because as you've alluded to in the
previous discussion um it's it's maybe
less a it's less a physical trade a
fundamental trade now than it is about
momentum uh and so it's going to be a
big signal if we see the uh Chinese fund
flows coming coming back in um the other
complication I guess is that there's a
lunar new year coming up the Chinese new
year as of next week so there's only a
few days left um and I think there's a
sense that um even if there's a kind of
bullish long-term outlook. There's maybe
some kind of cutting back on risk
exposure uh over the coming days.
>> Martin, our guest earlier talked about
how we can maybe save the fundamentals
uh conversation for next time until this
settled and he was talking about
technical levels to watch here because
that seems to be what the market is
focused on. Are there specific levels
you think uh we should be tracking both
for gold and silver here?
Um I wouldn't I wouldn't like to put out
my my own view on where technical levels
are to be honest. I think that you know
the market's looking for uh just that
kind of um that point at which uh
China's uh fund buyers start coming
coming back in. Um you know for silver
we're already back down towards uh you
know the 80 80 levels. uh you could see
something below that being a being a
trigger. Um but it's it's very hard to
say at this point um where those levels
are going to be.
>> Okay. Well, let's wait for the dust to
settle. Martin, it's it's it's that kind
of day, isn't it? Uh Martin Richie,
fantastic. Thank you so much, sir. Out
of out of Shanghai for us, just to
underscore really um the enormity of
these price moves we're seeing in
silver, for example, right? 10day volume
in this is at the highest in at least 45
years. So the point if one was making is
this a safe haven asset. It needs to
stop acting like it's not a safe haven
asset for that to become to come to
fruition. Um the chart should be coming
up. U if not we can talk about PMI why
not the surprise slide. Oh there we go.
Thank you so much. There we go. That
goes back to the early 1980s for you.
10day vault on silver. Okay.
>> Yeah. Let's get more on the data right
that we saw that surprise slide in
Chinese factory activity that we got
over the weekend. the official gauge
sliding into contraction once again as
the economy struggles to pick up
momentum. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Mimman Low breaking down
these numbers for us here. How bad were
they?
>> Well, the official numbers were really
bad. We're talking about missing the
non-manufacturing PMI missing every
single analyst estimates out there. um
the manufacturing PMI. There was one
economist who placed his bet like far
away from everyone else and he came
close to the actual number but we're
talking about 49.3 for the manufacturing
49.4 for non-manufacturing. So this is a
huge contraction after the last quarter
GDP showing a very slow growth the
slowest since postcoid as well. So the
scale of this shift really shows you
that is beyond what a normal seasonal
contraction is like in January just
ahead of Luna New Year because typically
typically we do get that contraction
ahead of Luna New Year when factories go
on break but it shows you that demand is
really soft and businesses are really
not confident about the future and
they're calling in some ways for more
stimulus from the government.
>> Um any commentary that's come through on
these numbers? Well, as I what as I
mentioned earlier that the scale of this
is really surprising and I think we we
have to see what happens in the next few
weeks and months especially as we head
towards the national people's congress
right because if you look at
>> for example the GDP goals set by all the
different provinces so far most of them
have set their GDP lower than last year
so economists are now forecasting that
China's growth could hit maybe just 4.5%
this year and if the government doesn't
set a higher target perhaps. You know
what does it mean then in terms of
stimulus right economists are not
expecting very very aggressive stimulus
in the coming year although our in-house
analyst Chong Shu our economist is
saying that perhaps we could see more
rate cuts coming um and February March
just between Luna New Year and the
National People's Congress that could be
a window for more rate cuts
>> m thank you our correspondent Menllo
there breaking down that activity data
for us or at least the PMI data coming
up we're going to talk more about
India's budget proposal to increase
taxes on equity derivatives putting
pressure on [music] domestic shares.
Now, details of the measures outlined by
the finance minister coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
I think it's a it's a relief that Trump
selected Kevin Marsh. Yes, he was a hawk
for a period of time when he was uh a
member of the Fed.
>> It's not so much that he's hawkish, it's
that he's always hawkish and always
typically when he's wrong, he's wrong in
the same direction.
>> And he has become less hawkish over
time, but I think it's it's probably
going to end up it's probably going to
reassure the markets. [music] It seems
like he would be amongst the four
candidates that were under
consideration, the less likely to be
interventionist on the balance sheet. I
mean, what you want in these positions
is someone that has an open mind, that's
a flexible thinker. Um, so I think his
newfound dovishness looks very
suspicious.
>> It's going to take some time for Kevin
Walsh to [music]
uh effect a plan of action that tries to
engineer lower rates.
>> All right, a bit of a mixed review
there. We heard from some of our guests
following President Trump's decision to
nominate [music] Kevin Worsh as J.
Powell's replacement at the Fed. We've
also heard some opposition from Capitol
Hill as well. Senator Elizabeth Warren
is the top Democrat on the Senate
Banking Committee and she questions
Kevin Worsh's independence.
He has been known as an interest rate
and inflation hawk for years and years,
right up until Donald Trump wins the
presidency, makes clear that he wants a
Federal Reserve chair who's going to
lower interest rates. And suddenly it
appears that Kevin Marsh has had an
epiphany and everything he thought in
all those years beforehand he no longer
thinks.
>> Meanwhile, Republican Senator Tom Tillis
told Bloomberg that Kevin Warish is
qualified, but he plans to oppose the
confirmation until the DOJ's inquiry
into Fed Chair Jay Powell is resolved.
This is all about sending a signal to
the markets and to the business
community that Fed independence is in
critically important and and going after
the chair I think took a stool out of
the foundation of people's confidence or
a leg out of the stool in the case of
Cook. I do believe that it's another
example of a trend and you know the
Senate has to stand in the breach.
And former Atlanta Fed President Dennis
Lockhart says Kevin Walsh could face
early committee tensions with rate cuts
uncertain, but one later this year
possible. Lockhart also told us that
Worsh is seen as hawkish on inflation
and the Fed's balance sheet, but his
ultimate approach may remain data
dependent.
>> You know, his history is that of being
somewhat hawkish both in terms of
inflation vigilance and interest rates
as well as the balance sheet. And he
continues to talk about reducing the
balance sheet, reducing the footprint of
the Fed in markets, which is of course
would be interpreted as tightening.
At the same time, he's been aligned uh
with President Trump and the White House
in recent remarks. So, it's not clear to
me um which Kevin Worsh will show up in
May. I think probably he he will be data
dependent and with the committee will
make the best decision he can.
>> Given that there are 12 voting members
on that committee, how significant is
the influence of the Fed chair and what
do you expect to be sort of the
direction going forward in the next 12
months?
>> The Fed chair enjoys a great deal of
difference from other members of the
committee.
And in my experience, when it's a close
call, the chair's preference often
prevails.
Having said that, a new chair has to
earn the respect of the committee. And
so, I think he's going to have a
honeymoon period. And during that
period, he'll be trying to to conduct
himself in such a way that reassures the
committee that he's going to be
independent. And uh we'll see how that
plays out. I I I think Kevin Worsh will
be navigating some tensions and some
conflicting views on the committee. So,
it's not an easy road for him in the
first few months.
>> On the data front, there's talk that we
could see inflation creeping back up.
Certainly from the likes of Pimco, that
seems to be their assessment. Is there a
chance that we don't even see a cut this
year?
>> Always a chance. Um particularly when
you're looking forward early in the
year, there's so many months ahead of us
that uh it's very difficult to predict.
My personal view is no cuts in the first
half, but maybe a repeat in the second
half of some cuts that look a little bit
like the last two years. But that's just
speculation at this point. It will
depend on how the economy evolves. And
we have uh both elements of the dual
mandate inflation and employment
um you know ha showing a trend but not a
trend that could not be broken by by new
events. So u it's very hard to predict I
think at this stage one more cut is a
reasonable and plausible assumption I
think.
>> There we go. Yeah. the former Atlanta
Fed President Dennis Locker earlier here
on our shows. Uh, right, just an update,
right? So, we talked about Kevin Wars
and arguably you could tie it all the
way back to this time last week where
you had a stronger dollar causing this
uh sell off across commodity markets.
It's now spread generally to crowded
trades, one of which has been Korea. Of
course, we're now getting a three 3%
drop on the index itself. It doesn't
help that you have the Nvidia uh and
open AI clarification that's come
through out of Jensen Hang and this the
one is actually underperforming today
across the FX space which tells you of
course the the Korea angle here. Jakarta
is also getting hit quite badly.
>> Yeah, it seems like this sort of selloff
has continued once again and we take a
look what's going on in Jakarta, right?
Indonesia is down another 5%. So it's
not just the concerns of investability
but when you add this commodity price
slump that contributes given it's a very
resourceheavy economy. So certainly that
is kind of leading uh the the weight
there and why things are looking a bit
heavy. Namura also downgrading right uh
stocks to neutral from overweight and
really citing the sharp increase in
risks about the investability story. the
outflows when it comes to passive funds
after this msei warning
>> it qualifies now for a trading halt at
5% and I'm looking underneath the hood
to Ivon's point basic materials energy
so the commodity component of this
market which really can't catch a break
is really dragging this thing down basic
materials down 10% energy is down 7 12%
benchmark as you can see on your screens
were down 5% in the first 18 minutes of
the cash market session here.
>> Yeah. And I think even for Namoras,
Chattton, and Seth, they said, you know,
the fact that MCI came out and and even
talked about the potential downgrade of
this market to frontier market status,
that was even a surprise to them that
this could be a possibility. I think
that was one of the big reasons why they
did do that downgrade as well. Um, so
that's certainly one to watch. We we'll
get you on track with what's going on uh
in Korea coming up and update from
there. Uh, if you're a subscriber and
want to rewatch all the segments that
we've been talking about as well, feel
free to check out TVGo on your
terminals. You can also become part of
the conversation. Send us instant
messages. [music]
Check it out at TVgo.
Welcome back. Here are some of the big
stories we're following. UK Prime
[music] Minister Kier Starmer has vowed
to deepen ties with Japan as he traveled
to Tokyo following a visit to China. Now
Starmer met on Saturday with his
Japanese counterparts Takaichi [music]
agreeing to work together on areas
including security industry and
technology. They also [music] pledged to
strengthen the supply of critical
minerals. Now the justice department, US
justice department specifically here has
released about three and a half million
more pages [music] from its Jeffrey
Epstein investigations. The files show
that some prominent figures, [music]
including Commerce Secretary Howard
Lutnik, stayed in contact with Epstein
longer than they had claimed. [music]
Now, the released materials also include
emails and messages exchanged between
Epste and top Goldman Sachs lawyer Kathy
[music] Brley.
>> Well, let's talk a little more about
India. Now the government has delivered
a budget that sharpens Prime Minister
Mod's strategy of shielding the economy
from US tariffs while maintaining fiscal
restraint fiscal deficit.
>> The budget focuses on reducing the
fiscal deficit and inflation control.
The budget also harmonizes high capital
expenditure and high growth. This budget
reinforces India's global role.
>> Yeah. The market certainly felt that on
Friday and actually stocks were slumping
some 2%. We'll see how today fares as
well. Let's bring in CJ Chaporti there,
our Asia equities editor. Uh for more
seems like the market was a bit uh taken
aback I guess by the the h the taxes
that they were talking about when it
came to some of these equity derivatives
trades for example. I mean overall what
has been the market impact so far you
think?
>> Uh well that's that's one way to put it.
Definitely the market was left a bit
surprised uh heading into this uh budget
uh given the context that India was one
of the world's worst performing markets
at the start of the year and we had seen
more than $3 billion in foreign
outflows. There was expectations that
government will do some will bring some
sort of measures or intervention to
boost foreign inflows into the market
but instead the market was left you know
surprised by the hike in uh transaction
tax. basically is the tax imposed on
buying and selling of uh derivatives uh
in the market and the government says
that it's done this basically to curb
speculative trading in the in the
economy uh in the market. Uh we know
that retail investors millions of whom
have joined post pandemic have been you
know triggering a surge in derivatives
trading in India although lately those
volumes had been on a downtrend uh after
the regulators intervention. So clearly
the sentiment not so good uh after after
that tax hike and that reflected
yesterday with the worst budget day
performance for the Nifty 50 benchmark
index since 2020.
>> Anything else beyond tax related to the
market?
Well, a lot of people have been talking
it, you know, saying that the budget is
probably good for the real economy
because you see a focus, uh, you know,
returning to capeex spending,
infrastructure spending as well as, you
know, tax softs for data centers. Uh,
you know, if you're a foreign company
trying to give cloud services through
data centers in India, you are getting a
20-year tax holiday now. Uh so there are
incremental steps that people feel uh or
investors believe could be beneficial in
the long term but the disappointment
clearly is for the more immediate term
right now given that corporate earnings
have been slowing down and you have seen
foreign outflows consistently over the
past 18 months and therefore not so much
incentive for the financial markets to
feel happy but perhaps the real economy
may feel better about this budget.
Our Asia equities editor CJ Chakraborti
there in Mumbai for us more in fact on
the budget coming through given the
market reaction and we'll see of course
what markets do with that information uh
in the next hour coming through u so we
talked about how it was the worst day
for stocks postbudget in some time uh
the real economy how does that permeate
into that specific story Mark will be
joining us uh in about an hour from now
to talk us through of course that
specific aspect of the budget We're
checking when it comes to movers here
and China is certainly one to watch this
morning. So the shares are falling after
warning that loss has widened uh to a
record. So they expect that folure net
loss to widen to about 12 billion US or
82 billion remn. You're seeing the eight
shares falling about 4.5% here. Um so
certainly the the scale of settlement
for real estate development projects
declined significantly. They say gross
profit margins remain low helping to
explain the loss. This is according to
an exchange filing from Wong Co. So, uh,
it was a profit warning. It was expected
according to some of the sell aside
here, according to Morgan Stanley this
morning, but but it was a much deeper
core loss than even Morgan Stanley's
below consensus forecast. So, uh,
certainly that did disappoint the market
a bit here, Dave.
>> Yeah. Um, when you fail to impress even
the biggest pessimist out there tells
you tells you a lot. Okay. Some of the
telecommakers here. Um, so this is the
impact that's being tied to a higher VAT
here. So we're down about 4%, we're down
across the board here across the big
three in mainland China. Uh, very
quickly a glance at silver and gold and
the equity markets, not just the ETFs,
[music] but the actual miners and some
of the names here. And as you can see,
so we're now right about in between the
losses. We were down as much as 10 on
Zigin Mining. We paired that
substantially, but we're still down
about 5% on that specific name.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break [music]
and yeah, we're seeing a bit of a
retreat here when it comes to Asia
equities this morning. We're down about
1 and a half% in the broader gauge. But
Japan is actually holding pretty steady
in the face of all that as well. Perhaps
that weaker young story is helping now
that we are around that 154 155 level.
So that certainly is helping the equity
space here this morning. Uh but
certainly there was those comments from
Takahi where she basically had to come
through and said you know give a bit of
a [clears throat] clarification did kind
of send a bit of a whiplash across FX
markets too as well over the weekend.
>> I mean we came into work this morning
and I mean on any given day you
literally have five or six top stories
that on if it were not for the massive
We've been talking about this.
>> We've been talking about this [laughter]
and yes, but that that's where we are.
In fact, it's it's so much so that when
you look at the earnings reaction that
uh coming up on your screens very
shortly, find the earnings were not as
good, but the reaction function of the
market is slightly more
>> uh attuned to sensitivity
>> uh today to the downside. If you're
surprised at the downside, you are
getting punished a lot more than you are
uh the opposite at least for today. Uh
Numora down about 5% and is the
opposite. did of course 3 and a half%.
Laser Tech was the one that went red
earlier on as well. We're down 10% on
that. That's also uh down to an earnings
story as well. So yeah, just to
underscore that. But broadly speaking, I
think we're doing okay in Japan relative
to other more tech heavy markets like
Korea. It Hen techch index is also
taking a quite a big hit today. In fact,
2.4% top row left most side. You see
that on your screen. So everything tech,
everything that's tied to materials or
energy in this case we're down 3% is
really getting dragged down
substantially this Monday.
>> As you mentioned, right, it's it's rare
to see at this time of day that US
futures are so low or at least moving in
the way that it is, the pronounced moves
there. So we're down 710 of 1%. That's
the Nvidia story. I think uh just, you
know, people are still questioning the
the level of commitment Nvidia has with
OpenAI and the investments and the like
given those comments from uh Jensen
Huang over the weekend. Autos is
certainly also a weak spot in these
Chinese markets here today. Take a look
at some of the numbers that we got when
it came to BYD. Sales dropped 30% in
January and underscoring challenges for
China's EV industry, including a winding
back of subsidies that is hurting
demand. Let's bring in our Asia
transport reporter, Linda Louu. Uh,
Linda, this is a pretty big drop in car
sales. You know, when you're talking
about the start of the year, is this
going to set the tone for the rest of
2026?
Yes, I think uh this is probably a
worrying start to the year even though
uh usually um the start of the year you
know around Chinese New Year holidays
sales are usually very slow but for BYD
to experience a 30% drop in monthly
sales I think that just points to how
much demand has been hurt by the winding
back of subsidies in China. um that's
you know a scaling back of a trade-in
subsidy that really boosted EV demand as
well as the reintroduction of a um tax
uh tax on purchasing tax on new energy
vehicles in China.
>> Um Linda so not a good set of numbers
also not a good set of numbers though
from other car makers. uh just compare
and contrast what we've saw what we saw
from their relative to BYD.
>> Yeah, others uh have been doing better
than BYD. Uh it's biggest rival J uh
managed to hold its sales steady
compared to January last year. Uh sales
grew 1%. Um so that's uh an achievement
considering um you know how demand has
been slow in this period. Uh you've got
Leap Motor, another uh EV upstart that's
actually been able to grow their sales
quite healthfully. Um they managed to
grow their January sales by over 25%.
So you can really see the market
dynamics continue to shift. Uh the
previous top performers might not be
able to maintain their momentum while
some of the smaller players are coming
in and grabbing that market share.
Okay, Linda, thank you so much. Linda
Lou there, our transport reporter.
Coming up here on shows, we take you
live to the Singapore Space Summit and
we're speaking with Galaxy Space,
China's first unicorn company in
commercial satellites.
Peter Hong will be joining us in a
couple of minutes. You're watching the
China Show.
[music]
All right, let's head to space this
hour. Why not? Uh, and talk a little bit
more about China's space ambitions.
Right now, you take a look at these
images. Right. This is from last
October's Shenjo launch of the Shenzhen
21, sending Chinese astronauts to the
Tiangong space station. Now, China's
space sector has been notching up plenty
of firsts over the past few years. You
take a look at the last just maybe four,
five or six years here. You, of course,
you had 2021, the rover landing on Mars.
You had the completion of the Tangong
space station back in 2022. And then
2024 was the landing on the far side of
the moon, which was quite a highlight as
well. and just last year launched that
mission to collect samples from an
asteroid. So what's next? What's the
next milestone? We have a lunar probe
this year and the T13 mission in 2028
which aims to return to Mars and in 2030
a crude landing on the moon. Meanwhile,
private companies are increasingly
expanding their footprint in national
space programs supported by rising
demand for launches and related
services. You're talking about
commercial satellite launches soared
sevenfold during the time of 2019 and
2023 and where you're seeing a lot of
this is China, India, Japan have really
started to ease their investment
barriers there. So, and what are the
emerging players to watch out for as
well? You talk about India, South Korea
are also scaling up and also in the race
Dave.
>> Amazing. Amazing. Yeah. Uh let's get
more now from Singapore's first space
summit and really what's going on in the
industry. Averil Hong is there with her
next guest. Averil.
>> Yeah guys, I mean this is really an
industry that is in its early stages. We
want to talk to the key players as this
is getting going. Peter Wang joins me
now. He's general manager of
international business development at
Galaxy Space. Great to have you with us,
Peter. Thanks so much for taking the
time. Yeah,
>> my colleagues have just been talking
through some of the milestones for China
space development. You're involved in
some of these mega constellation
projects. Talk to us about the role
galaxy space is playing in all this.
>> Okay, so we Galaxy Space, we are a
Chinese commercial company. We are into
satellites. So we have some key
technologies, satellites communication,
satellite remote sensing. So we deliver
some products. We also deliver
satellites. So far we have launched to
the space for more than 40 satellites
and we are going to launching more in
the space. You know China is actually
going very fast for constellations that
you mentioned. There are several mega
constellations coming up and it's great
that we are in this track and we are
making efforts to make our products
innovative cost efficiency so that we
can actually also having more contract
orders in the short term and long term
we want to kind of also make more
innovative products for different let's
say clients either domestically or
globally that's kind of what the things
we are doing right now
>> domestically what are you seeing in
terms of the tailwinds from the sort of
government policy support and the
ecosystem for the space industry in
China. Yeah, right now I think the
policy side are really having good
environment creating a good environment
for private companies especially
commercial companies like ourselves
because space industry is the industry
that needs kind of the uh top policy
structure and which in China the Chinese
policy is also encourage the private
sector to develop more to involve more
in the commercial business of space and
we are one of the company who are
actually doing great And you know in
China there is a central government
level there is provin level. I think
each level of the administration are
doing great uh to creating a good
regulation uh structure for us. Uh so
companies like our ourselves are really
also enjoying this kind of overall macro
environment to develop to focus on
industries.
>> So I wonder what the potential headwinds
you foresee for the company might be in
terms of you getting all these
satellites up there right? How are you
getting your kit into space? How are you
launching all this? Yeah. So for us
right now we manufacture the satellites.
we we we then we source for the
launchers uh to launch uh to the space
and we consider different options uh
depends on different uh let's say uh
rocket uh providers quotation or let's
say the offers right but I think the the
biggest challenge right now in the
industry is also regarding to
international coordination because for
each every spacecraft launch into the
space you need a kind of a spectrum you
need a coordination among different
players That's where I think we are
expecting for more collaboration with
different players either from the
private sector or from the government
sector. We need more collaboration with
operators or the players from all over
the world.
>> You talk about global players. This is a
space pun where US European leaders they
have been leading in terms of the early
deployment of satellites. What is
China's and your company's edge in this?
Mhm. I think for our company uh we
started from 2018 uh as a private
company. So when we started we evaluated
where we can do the best. Then we found
out that it's it's the key technology we
should work on. So we started working on
some of the key technologies in this
industry. For example, the satellite
communication technologies. So we have
actually achieved a very well technology
breakthroughs in satellites broadband
communication in satellite direct to
sale technologies and also massive solar
panel systems that's the energy part for
the satellites. So we make those
technologies material enough for
deployment and then one of the strengths
of our company is we try to also made it
uh cost effective. So we built our
in-house facilities uh flexible uh smart
factory to produce satellites. In that
way we reduce the cost without compro
compromising any performances so that we
can actually meet the demand and develop
the satellites in a long term. So that
when we do it we do it in a commercial
way we do it in a sustainable way.
That's what we are looking at.
>> So could you give us ballpark figure on
compared to what else is in the market?
How much cheaper are you able to make
things?
>> Yeah, I think just uh use one example.
Uh there is a critical uh component of
satellite called antenna. The antenna
for communication when we started in the
market uh such kind of antenna uh has a
weight more than 7 kgs 7 kilos. So with
our innovation and our optimization of
design of such kind of antennas, we
success successfully reduced the weight
of the antenna half of the original
weight or the original mass. So which is
a very big cost saving because as we
know that when we launch the everything
from ground to the space it needs a very
you know heavy charges on the launching
services. So once we reduce the antennas
to not even to up uh half of the
original weight we are actually reducing
the cost of 50%.
through this angle only and there is
also another tech technical innovations
which further reduce the cost while
actually improve the performance of
those antennas to improve the throughput
of the satellite which again is a cost
saving against the original uh satellite
communication. That's how we may make
the satellite communication services
more affordable that the original
players or the traditional way.
>> That's a significant number in terms of
cost savings. This is coming at a time
where it's not just crucial in terms of
governments backing the sector and
perhaps giving the contracts but the
private sector to your point earlier
about commercialization and I know that
recently you guys had a contract with
Thailand's telco true. How important is
that part of the business for you and
what are the key markets in Asia that
you're exploring?
>> Yeah, right now as a commercial company,
we are still exploring the global
market. Let's say we just get started
and uh uh we but we have some unique
offers. Uh we have a constellation trial
network where we have some satellites in
the space. using those satellites we can
actually conduct lots of validations of
technology also the applications of the
satellites internet so with our
collaboration in Thailand and other
countries which are coming up we are
able to actually collaborate with the
local players either it's the telecom
player or it's the space players we can
actually collaborate to validate to
validate the technology and to actually
apply our satellite internet in the
local industry to looking for the you
know the the the needs or the demands
the real world use cases because in the
end we need the use cases to be you know
commercialized so that the use cases
will use the satellite services that's
how the space industry gets get its own
commercial closed loop we have to find
the real demand the real needs and we
also have to understand the pain points
of those end users so so that that's why
we need to go to different countries to
establish collaboration to to get the
right demands of the industry.
>> So what are the priority markets for you
aside from Thailand? Yeah, I think for
us uh we are open to global markets each
and every single market that's kind of
our interest but for now uh based on our
evaluation of let's say uh economics
population uh the gap of connectivity uh
we are more looking at Southeast Asia uh
middle east uh Africa and Latin America
uh those are the regions where the
economy is actually going up while there
is still you know some connectivity gap
or there are some kind of high value
needed for satellite connectivity.
That's where the major markets we are
making efforts on.
>> At the same time, you'll have to make
sure that the satellite and the
terrestrial networks are integrated,
right? To your point about me doing a
bit more research in the market and with
working with the Telos. So, how is that
going to play out? How are you making
sure that there is that integration as
we look from 5G to 6G?
>> Yeah. Okay. That's that's really one of
the critical issues or one of the
biggest potential of our satellite
industry. I think the most
commercialized industry in space
industry is actually communication. When
we moving forward, you know, we want to
create a network a connectivity services
that is ubiquitous that is everywhere
around the corner of the world. But this
requires the integration of the space
communication network with the
terrestrial network. This integration
actually needs more collaboration. The
centralized industry needs to work you
know closely with the telecom industry
especially the telecom operators because
as I mentioned earlier the frequency
allocation the spectrum is one of the
important things in this industry. We
have to make sure in the first step that
the space communication network does not
interfere with the terrestrial network.
We have to co-share the frequencies. But
in the long run with the integration of
the space industry a space-based
communication network with the
terrestrial network then every each and
every one of us on the ground we are
enjoying the network the smooth uh
services around the corner of the world
without getting any break that's kind of
the ultimate goal we are looking at with
let's say 5G or we call so-al 6G uh
satellites communication network is
going to be part of the uh communication
system infrastructure.
>> Okay, D, one last question before we let
you go. When it comes to space, the
final frontier, we're always looking out
for the next big thing. We know how this
week as soon as we could see another
NASA project, Arteimus 2 getting to
around the moon, not to the moon, around
the moon.
>> You're excited about Luna exploration as
well.
>> Yeah.
>> What is China's role in all those
things? I think the Luna exploration is
actually a very big trend and either
from China side or from UA side or from
other country side. I think most of the
industry players and most of ordinary
people like you and me are all excited
for the moon exploration. Going to the
moon I think is is going to be a dream
come true for many people not just in
China but also in other developing
countries. So speaking from the China
side, I think uh uh our country or the
all the industry players are making very
big progress. Uh we are also did a lot
for the deep luna you know exploration
and myself as a fan of this industry.
I'm looking forward that we will also
have uh some another milestones uh you
know getting to the moon orbit around
the moon first. Yeah.
>> Setting our sights on the moon. Peter,
it's been great to chat. Thank you so
much. Back to you guys in the studio for
now.
>> Great conversation there, Averil of
course with Peter Huang, international
business development GM at Galaxy Space.
Now, much more ahead from the Singapore
Space Summit. We'll be joined by Indian
satellite startup Pixel and [music]
Agnicle Cosmos, the company behind the
world's first 3D printed rocket engine.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Well, Nvidia CEO Jensen Hong says the
company's proposed a hundred billion
dollar investment in OpenAI was quote
never [music] a commitment. The Wall
Street Journal earlier reported that the
investment plan announced in September
had stalled after some people inside
Nvidia expressed [music] doubts about
the deal. Pong for his part downplayed
the report saying Nvidia will continue
[music] to invest in the chat GPT maker.
>> Sam is closing the realm and we will
absolutely be in involvement.
>> How much? Can you say how much? Can you
say how much?
>> Uh we will invest a great deal of money.
Probably the largest investment we've
ever made.
>> The large. So is that going to be over
100 billion?
>> No. No. No. No. No. No. Nothing like
that.
Bloomberg has learned that Alphabet's
autonomous driving unit is aiming to
raise about $16 billion in a financing
round and [music] that would value Whimo
at nearly $110 billion. Sources say
Alphabet will provide about 13 billion
while the rest would come from outside
investors including [music] Sequoia
Capital, DST Global, and Dragon
Investment Group.
>> All right. Uh couple of levels to watch
in silver. Um this uh one of our guests
earlier on um actually told us, you know
what, toss the fundamental story out the
window. It's it's it's a technical
scheme these next few days. Focus on the
50-day moving average. And as you can
see, uh a closer look at this specific
chart uh will show you that we've
bounced specifically off that very level
twice in the last two chaotic sessions.
So so far that support has actually
held. It's something to watch as we make
our way as Europe wakes up to this and
we'll see whether the support manages to
hold for now.
>> Yeah. And you're starting to see, right,
what the potential spillovers from the
sharp drop in precious metals is going
to be, right? It's it's in the rest of
the commodities complex. You take a look
at what you're seeing when it comes to
Brent. Uh copper, aluminum, certainly
those are still uh looking like a bit
weaker uh here today. uh we talked about
the gold futures at least stabilizing a
bit as well and we have come off some of
the initial uh falls and drops from the
spot prices uh and also when it comes to
you know it it's not just the it's the
FX story too right because you know the
precious metal drop had a lot to do with
the dollar strengthening and you're
seeing that once again being quite
pronounced uh when it comes to the
Korean Juan for example before we get to
that that is impacting Korea right I
mean just take a look what we've been
seeing when it comes to the Cosby uh and
the weakness that we're seeing in the
Korean one is one thing to watch, but
then you have to look at what's been
going on in the whole AI, you know,
hardware sort of game, right? And you're
seeing SKHik, Samsung both falling quite
substantially here today. Uh maybe has a
lot to do with what the Nvidia comments
that we heard from Jensen Huang as well.
Uh and that's certainly one thing to
watch, but we're at 1457 for dollar
Korea here right now. It is one of the
underperformers in terms of the FX space
here today. it it really was not it's
not the best time to be one of the last
few in the door on crowded trades across
the world right so and I think Korea is
a good example of that uh we talked
about gold and somewhat of a note when
you look at the gold levels right now
between the futures and spot right so
there is some order in the chaos so I
think when you look at the spread
between uh gold and futures we're now
snapping back between so there's a
little of a spread there uh just to note
that because after we had a massive
blowout between the spreads between the
two uh we'll just end a look at
Indonesia of course a market that we
have been tracking still and this market
can't catch a break and we're down today
on the back of the metals and commodity
component of the story also pulling this
one down rest of the region uh not doing
too [music] well uh MSEI Asia Pacific
first day of the first day of the week
we're down [music] 1.6% 6%. A lot of
that drag also coming through in the
form of a very weak session across the
tech [music] place today. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.